FF153 Popover API docs for new hint/auto popover interaction model (#44603)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlelement/showpopover/index.md

### Exceptions

- `InvalidStateError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}

>   - : Thrown if the popover is already showing, or if this method is called while another popover is already in the process of being shown or hidden (e.g., within a `beforetoggle` or `toggle` event handler).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Thrown if the popover is already showing, or if this method is called while another popover is already in the process of being shown or hidden (e.g., within a `beforetoggle` event listener).
```
